The attackers would usually send a malicious email message that either links to an archive file (RAR or ZIP compressed) or has one attached to it. Below are malicious email messages that have been sent to multiple targets on September and December 2015. If the victim extracts the archive and clicks the .exe file, the lure document or video are presented while the computer is being infected with DustySky. In recent samples the group used Microsoft Word files embed with a malicious macro, which would infect the victim if enabled. Note, that these infection methods rely on social engineering - convincing the victim to open the file (and enabling content if it is disabled) - and not on software vulnerabilities. The subject line of the malicious email message, as well as the name and content of the lure document, are usually related to recent events in diplomacy, defense, and politics. Sometimes lure topics are gossip or sex related and might even include a pornographic video. In recent samples, fake invoices and a copy of the public Google privacy policy were used. The content of the lure document is always copied from a public news item or other web content, and is never an original composition of the attackers. When linked from the malicious message, the malware would be hosted either on a cloud service (many times in copy.com, a legitimate file hosting service), or on a server controlled by the attackers. IP address 45.32.13.169 and all the domains that are pointing to it8 host a webpage which is a copy of a legitimate and unrelated software website - iMazing, an iOS management software. The fake website, similarly to the legitimate one, offers visitors to download the iMazing software. However, the version on the fake website is bundled with DustySky malware. Upon execution of the malicious version (2f452e90c2f9b914543847ba2b431b9a) the legitimate iMazing is installed, while in the background DustySky is dropped as a file named Plugin.exe (1d9612a869ad929bd4dd16131ddb133a), and executed. Plugin.exe immediately starts communicating with its command and control sever using the hardcoded address ns.suppoit[.]xyz and supo.mefound[.]com, both also pointing to above mentioned 45.32.13.169.